feat: make categories a thing (#159)
posit-dev/connect-cookbook: content-organization/creating-tags/index.qmd

## Problem

You want to organize content using tags.

## Solution

Create tags, which can then be assigned to content items (see [*Assigning tags*](../assigning-tags/index.qmd)).

::: {.callout-warning}

You must have administrator privileges to create tags.

:::

First, create a tag category.

::: {.callout-tip}
A tag created without a parent reference is considered a tag category. Tag categories serve as the top-level category for organizing content. We cannot directly assign a tag category to content. Instead, we can use a tag category as the parent for an individual tag. This approach allows for grouping tags that are related together.
:::

::: {.panel-tabset group="language"}

## Python

```{.python}
from posit import connect

TAG_CATEGORY_NAME = "Departments"

client = connect.Client()
response = client.post("/v1/tags", json={
    "name": "Departments",
})

departments = response.json()
```

> The `departments` object additional information about the tag catgegory, including the `id` field. We will use the `id` field in the next step to create a tag.

Reviewer: I think it's missing the word "contains" and category is misspelled.

"The `departments` object contains additional information about the tag category,"

Author: good eye 
```suggestion
The `departments` object contains additional information about the tag category, including the `id` field. We will use the `id` field to create a tag in the next step.
```

```{.r}
library(connectapi)

TAG_CATEGORY_NAME = "Departments"

client <- connect()

> create_tag(client, "TAG_CATEGORY_NAME")

Reviewer: nit: since we're now creating tag categories, should this be `create_tag_category`?

Author: I don't see a function for that in connectapi: https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Arstudio%2Fconnectapi%20create_tag_category&type=code

```

Then get the tag information using the `get_tags` function.

```{.r}
tags <- get_tags(client)
departments <- tags$Departments
```

We can print the `departments` object to view the tag tree.

```{.r}
> departments
Posit Connect Tag Tree (filtered)
└── Departments
```

:::

> Next, create a tag and assign it to the tag category.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps also a note that the method in this section can also be used to nest tags inside other tags, in addition to giving them a parent category.
